[Docs] Add a missing parameter (#28630)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/replication.mdx

  time to see the resulting WAL present locally before returning a response to the client.
- `allow_forwarding_via_token` `(string: "")` - When set to `new_token`, requests sent to non-active nodes
  are forwarded if the node does not yet have the token information in storage.

> - `replication_canary_write_interval_seconds` `(integer: 1)` - Enable monitoring
>   of the replication latency between the secondary cluster from its primary. It
>   publishes the value as `replication_lag` field when you invoke the replication
>   status endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `replication_canary_write_interval_seconds` `(integer: 1)` - Interval in seconds between writes of the replication canary to the storage on the primary cluster.  Set to 0 to disable the canary.  See the page on [/vault/docs/enterprise/consistency#clock-skew-and-replication-lag](consistency) for details on the canary.
```
